	

UPS My Choice®
http://links4.upsemail.com/els/v2/K6GjTa472aH4/WXlrTlk2RGhpRkFEdWR3anpTQ2ZNU0ZYWmhQMmVCbml0QmxxWDdLQ1RFYXpPQk5lSE9PZEVxYWhOZTVFb3l6U2xqeEZGKytRaHI4clk1aG5pT09lUUd0c004bGNSVU5XTWdFbHg1S3U0RGM9S0/aFRhd0ZrenlnUUZvclZrT1VnbEZDZ3poZ0FzeUJsdE5vRFJseWJBa3ZKaE1ZSFlreHloMjI2dkp1NnBMcVJWczFGdVBNZFpZMDE4bGM1VUg5VzUxL2c9PQS2

Set a preference for all your packages to be directly routed to a UPS Access Point location
UPS Access Point® Locations
Getting ready for the holidays

 

The Holidays are just around the corner and it’s time to get ready for all those packages. An easy way to do this is to set a preference for all your packages to be directly routed to a UPS Access Point location. Packages are kept secure, and you can pick them up at your convenience. Plus, you can keep gifts a surprise from curious eyes. UPS Access Point locations are super convenient and include The UPS Store®, Advance Auto Parts®, CVS®, Michaels® and many more neighborhood businesses. Setting up a preference to a UPS Access Point can be done on ups.com or on the UPS App. Set your preference today.

Visit UPS My Choice
View the 2021 UPS year-end schedule
Plan Your Year-End Shipping

 

Ship efficiently with UPS’s Holiday and Year-End Schedule. The schedule shows when UPS is operating pickup and delivery service during the holidays, and highlights when to ship packages to arrive in time for Christmas. There are also links to direct you where you can ship or track a package, schedule a pickup, find a drop-off location, and more.

View Year-End Schedule
Check off Your Holiday To-Do’s Early

 

A Certified Packing Expert can help

 

Get a head start on the holidays at The UPS Store. Make things quick and easy this year with help from our Certified Packing Experts. With over 5,000 locations in the U.S., we’re in your neighborhood.

Learn More
Learn More
UPS is hiring over 100000 essential workers
UPS is Hiring
UPS is Hiring: Join the Holiday Team

 

Know a friend, family member, or college student who wants to help deliver the holidays?

 

UPS is hiring now for the holiday season. Right now.

 

You’ll be part of a team delivering joy to those who need it.

 

Drivers. Driver helpers. Personal vehicle drivers. Package handlers.

 

Apply now at upsjobs.com. For some roles you could get a job offer within 30 minutes.

Apply Now
Upgrade to UPS My Choice Premium
Upgrade to UPS My Choice Premium in time for the Holidays

 

Make life easier with faster and safer deliveries

 

With UPS My Choice Premium your package deliveries will be faster, safer, and more convenient for you.

Faster Deliveries – often get packages a day earlier and delivered by UPS with unlimited, free UPS Surepost® upgrades to UPS® Ground

 

Safer Deliveries – secure your packages with unlimited, free deliveries to thousands of convenient UPS Access Point and UPS Customer Center locations

 
More Convenient Deliveries – have your packages delivered on a different day or to a different address with unlimited, free delivery rescheduling and reroutes

 

And more!

Upgrade Now
*UPS My Choice terms and conditions apply. Offer valid only for current UPS My Choice members who have received this offer directly from UPS. Offer is not transferable and not redeemable for cash. Limit: one (1) offer per member. Unless you cancel membership prior to the expiration of membership term, UPS My Choice Premium membership will automatically renew for an additional one-year period at the annual rate in effect at the time of the renewal, plus applicable taxes. To avoid automatic renewal, cancel any time prior to expiration of current membership term by accessing your account preferences online here, selecting UPS My Choice, and putting your membership on hold. You may also call 1-800-PICK-UPS for assistance in canceling your membership.

 

**Additional transportation charges may apply if outside original delivery area.

Need Help?

 

We’re here 24/7, 365

 

Whether you have questions about your delivery or any other UPS services, our virtual assistant is ready to help 24/7 and every day of the year. Give it a try.

Need Help
Get Help
Download the UPS App to manage shipments on the go

App Store
Google Play
Apple and the Apple logo are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc., registered in the
U.S. and other countries.

 

Google Play and the Google Play logo are trademarks of Google Inc.

		
		
View in browser

