	

UPS My Choice®
http://links4.upsemail.com/els/v2/wx07cyK4WLtG/YiswajFjejM1dGF3T2tXK01QeE5GalJIN3NjdTl4VHFKaUlZVm04VW1aWVlJNC9ZaEpwMisyUGVIc1JHNm1pL0xuSnRSL3BabTdDMVRlUGsxdkFmTEZ6RlQxc2lOMUJ6MXlPa2c5Vk1sM1k9S0/ZDF3czRPV2ZWVC9uS3BWdFJpb0owZ3lvazBQMkhmYlNST2p1eFFuZHZiZ0ZRTEJaSHVKdmN1WFU2SVQwRDBEQTJSeEhEWWgraUdrN3JDb2U0RVZpekE9PQS2
Child under Christmas tree
Faster and Safer Deliveries with UPS My Choice® Premium

 

You could get your packages faster while also having them held at a secure location with unlimited Surepost® upgrades and UPS Access Point deliveries. Those are just two of the benefits of a UPS My Choice Premium membership. Upgrade to an annual membership today for only $19.99* to receive:

Faster Deliveries – often get packages a day earlier and delivered by UPS with unlimited & free UPS Surepost® upgrades to UPS® Ground

 

Safer Deliveries – secure your packages with unlimited, free deliveries to a UPS Access Point® or UPS Customer Center location near you

 
More Convenient Deliveries – have your packages delivered on a different day or to a different address with unlimited & free delivery rescheduling and reroutes**

 

And more!

Upgrade Now
*Unless you cancel membership prior to the expiration of membership term, UPS My Choice Premium membership will automatically renew for an additional one year period at the annual rate in effect at the time of the renewal, plus applicable taxes. To avoid automatic renewal, cancel any time prior to expiration of current membership term by accessing your account preferences online here, selecting UPS My Choice, and canceling your membership. You may also call 1-800-PICK-UPS for assistance in canceling your membership.


**Additional transportation charges may apply if outside the original delivery area.

Man loading holiday gifts into vehicle
Keep your gifts secure this holiday season

 

Secure your holiday packages this season. Reroute all of your deliveries to a nearby UPS Access Point® location and pick them up at your convenience.


The UPS Access Point network serves as convenient and secure locations to drop off and pick up packages. 

It's simple:

Visit UPS.com
Step 1: Log into your UPS My Choice account
Step 2: Select your preferred UPS Access Point location
Step 3: Switch toggle to YES to have all packages sent to your preferred location

Open the UPS App
Step 1: Open Preferences, then Delivery Options
Step 2: Set an Alternate Delivery Location
Step 3: Select a nearby UPS Access Point location to send all your packages

Log in
UPS's Holiday and Year-End Schedule and Packaging Tips

 

It's "Go Time" for the holiday season, so here are a few important dates to help you score big:

 

Recommended last days to ship for Dec. 24 delivery within the U.S.*

SHIPPING VIA
UPS 3 Day Select®
UPS 2nd Day Air®
UPS Next Day Air®	SHIP DATE
Dec. 21
Dec. 22
Dec. 23
For details on Ground packages, and shipments to Canada, Mexico and other destinations visit UPS.com

View 2021 Holiday Shipping Calendar
From Artwork to Power Tools: How do I package that?

 

Make sure all your holiday gifts arrive in good condition! Follow these four easy steps:

 

Choose a clean box without tears, rips, bends, or other damage that is strong enough to hold the contents.
Use proper cushioning materials for package contents. Wrap items individually and surround them with bubble sheeting or loose-fill materials.
Securely seal your package using pressure-sensitive plastic or nylon reinforced tape.
Properly label your package. Include full address information such as postal codes, and/or apartment numbers.
Learn More
If you’ve got a packaging challenge, visit the UPS Packaging Advisor for detailed guidelines on more than 50 specific categories, or take your items to your neighborhood The UPS Store® location.

Man using a laptop computer
Manage Deliveries & Beat the Holiday Rush on UPS.com

 

We made UPS.com easier to use so you can spend more time doing what you enjoy this holiday season.

 

Check out the latest changes on the new ups.com today!

More Ease & Speed - Access shipping and tracking right from the home page
At-a-Glance Tracking Visibility - View the status of all your shipments on your UPS My Choice® dashboard
And More - Schedule a pickup and let us do the heavy lifting
Visit the New UPS.com
UPS is hiring over 100000 essential workers
UPS is Hiring: Join the Holiday Team

 

Know a friend, family member, or college student who wants to help deliver the holidays?

UPS is hiring now for the holiday season. Right now.

You’ll be part of a team delivering joy to those who need it.

Drivers. Driver helpers. Personal vehicle drivers. Package handlers.

Apply now at upsjobs.com. For some roles you could get a job offer within 30 minutes.

Apply Now
Need Help?

 

We’re here 24/7, 365

 

Whether you have questions about your delivery or any other UPS services, our virtual assistant is ready to help 24/7 and every day of the year. Give it a try.

Need Help
Get Help
Download the UPS App to manage shipments on the go

App Store
Google Play
Apple and the Apple logo are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc., registered in the
U.S. and other countries.

 

Google Play and the Google Play logo are trademarks of Google Inc.

